Really?
I have contacted adoption theaters abroad
It is helpful for Xiaoxi's condition.
If you still have a conscience, let him come with me
And love
We'll leave with it too
It's all because of you
I think
Don't you want to be careful about being in a vegetative state for the rest of your life?
Dad?
I know you don't want mom to leave with me
But so mom can wake up
And I want to be with my mom
You heard it too
This is the common wish of Qinqin and I. Okay.
I promise you.
Mr. Huo committed suicide
Got it.
Mr. Huo, are you really going abroad?
I will solve the company's affairs online
I have to be with the stream now
Ok I will cooperate with you